switch 0
--------

vlan 10
name IT
exit
vlan 20
name HQ
exit
vlan 30
name BA
exit
int fa0/1
switchport access vlan 10
exit
int fa0/3
switchport access vlan 20
exit
int fa0/2
switchport access vlan 30
exit
int fa0/4
switchport mode trunk
exit
interface range fa0/1-3
switchport mode access
exit



switch 1
----------
vlan 10
name IT
exit
vlan 20
name HQ
exit
vlan 30
name BA
exit
int fa0/1
switchport mode trunk
exit
int fa0/2
switchport mode trunk
exit





switch 2
----------
vlan 10
name IT
exit
vlan 20
name HQ
exit
vlan 30
name BA
exit
int fa0/1
switchport access vlan 10
exit
int fa0/2
switchport access vlan 20
exit
int fa0/3
switchport access vlan 30
exit
int fa0/4
switchport mode trunk
exit
interface range fa0/1-3
switchport mode access
exit
interface fa0/5
switchport mode access
exit




switch 2 (another option)
----------
vlan 10
name IT
exit
vlan 20
name HQ
exit
vlan 30
name BA
exit
int fa0/1
switchport access vlan 10
exit
int fa0/2
switchport access vlan 20
exit
int fa0/3
switchport access vlan 30
exit
interface range fa0/1-5
switchport mode access
exit
int fa0/4
switchport mode trunk
exit
